README.md, before:


# :construction: p800-refunds-frontend

This service allows taxpayers to request refunds for overpaid tax.

The application is currently being developed.


# Project setup in intellij

![img.png](readme/intellij-sbt-setup.png)

## Project specific sbt commands

### Turn off strict building

In sbt command in intellij:
```
sbt> relax
```
This will turn off strict building for this sbt session.
When you restart it or you build on jenkins, this will be turned on.

### Run with test only endpoints

```
sbt> runTestOnly
```


## Application architecture

### Journey States
Journey states correspond to the result of the submission on pages (or endpoints).

[If mermaid dosen't render click here](https://mermaid.live/edit#pako:eNqtVU1z2jAQ_Ss7OoOLceIAh84k5JIeMpmEhknrzqDaC6i2JSrLIQnDf-_KNjblK-lMzcWs3nv7tNqVVyxUEbIBmyZqGc65NjC6DmQggZ6Zes7jBZ_h9yAYJlykwCUIGaoUwfAX0DjNZQTcAp08BgsNgh9Qsttt-JqhhjARYYwRTD5lhvQnkAgZg5LbLKekXILEJfxSuZb4CiKDUCM3xOWUJrdiFJP8WcyKqFFg5ghfSvy1elL5mEszUg9iJm9k6afy8nkDe7AmiAyw2ebOQu3-UmZL1Nb5rZpUYbJ9OA_sJdrD3aqdjAcQTXaUpkieYSqeeSIiW26KyBAbL-M5NzcZqei7XqdzXwMOOzqC3nF1FFUZyzDB0BZq8oTZVl2GcwxjS_vbRuPi0e6CDq5ev1yIIU-SVQkpGuDuBmwImlAhC_fE2N77emP6mGhTyKJ4e7XYd_tY4k7L1qpSmVK5VYaK7ty0ZmZbc4xDLgk2VHIqdLpfmYo51SqF5ZwWQBgaiop94mQr4mZOaKwMFoZogOUMo48fPBRjsHX4R8vyzuHXrVxx6V54FPyKy3ikucxI6_A0vs-jPDsN-nGPh-f2v1s8PtgnKZXd-n6kRjFC5jipLVs67fZ3jmORJFd4pzLa18iqH_Z6gvDPFqnwzRCZnyE4jtMkHF0N6T9rsRR1ykVEn5BijgNGV3KKARvQa8R1HLBArgnHc6MeXmXIBkbn2GL5ws7XteAzzdNNcMElG6zYCxu4Zz3Hu_Au3PNu33X7fu-8xV7ZoO12O47nd3q-73UvPK_bO1u32JtSJOE6Hc_td_we_Xy_TwqF4Ldi0eqv_wAOZFOL)

```mermaid
flowchart TD;

    govukpage[\Get an Income Tax refund a gov.uk page\]
    -- User clicked `/start` link on gov.uk page.
    A new journey is created and user is navigated to the JourneyDoYouWantToSignIn page
    --> JourneyStarted

    JourneyStarted
    -- Answered `Yes`
    on DoYouWantToSignIn page
    --> JourneyDoYouWantToSignInYes

    JourneyStarted
    -- Answered `No`
    on DoYouWantToSignIn page
    --> JourneyDoYouWantToSignInNo

    JourneyDoYouWantToSignInNo
    -- entered semivalid reference
    on WhatIsYourP800Reference page
    --> JourneyWhatIsYourP800Reference

    JourneyWhatIsYourP800Reference
    -- selected `Yes`
    on CheckYourReference page
    --> ValidateReferenceApiCall{
        API Call
        Check Rererence
    }

    ValidateReferenceApiCall
    -- valid
    --> JourneyCheckYourReferenceValid

    JourneyCheckYourReferenceValid
    -- selected `Yes`
    on DoYouWantYourRefundViaBankTransfer page
    --> JourneyDoYouWantYourRefundViaBankTransferYes

    JourneyCheckYourReferenceValid
    -- selected `No`
    on DoYouWantYourRefundViaBankTransfer page
    --> JourneyDoYouWantYourRefundViaBankTransferNo

    JourneyDoYouWantYourRefundViaBankTransferNo
    -- clicked `Continue`
    on YourChequeWillBePostedToYou page
    --> JourneyYourChequeWillBePostedToYou

    JourneyDoYouWantYourRefundViaBankTransferYes
    -- clicked `Continue`
    on WeNeedYouToConfirmYourIdentity page
    --> JourneyWhatIsYourFullName

    JourneyWhatIsYourFullName
    -- tbc ...
    --> TBC...
```



### License

This code is open source software licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License]("http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html").

Commit message:

[JB][noticket] add basic tamper monkey script to speed through journey

README.md, after:


# :construction: p800-refunds-frontend

This service allows taxpayers to request refunds for overpaid tax.

The application is currently being developed.


# Project setup in intellij

![img.png](readme/intellij-sbt-setup.png)

## Project specific sbt commands

### Turn off strict building

In sbt command in intellij:
```
sbt> relax
```
This will turn off strict building for this sbt session.
When you restart it or you build on jenkins, this will be turned on.

### Run with test only endpoints

```
sbt> runTestOnly
```


## Application architecture

### Journey States
Journey states correspond to the result of the submission on pages (or endpoints).

[If mermaid dosen't render click here](https://mermaid.live/edit#pako:eNqtVU1z2jAQ_Ss7OoOLceIAh84k5JIeMpmEhknrzqDaC6i2JSrLIQnDf-_KNjblK-lMzcWs3nv7tNqVVyxUEbIBmyZqGc65NjC6DmQggZ6Zes7jBZ_h9yAYJlykwCUIGaoUwfAX0DjNZQTcAp08BgsNgh9Qsttt-JqhhjARYYwRTD5lhvQnkAgZg5LbLKekXILEJfxSuZb4CiKDUCM3xOWUJrdiFJP8WcyKqFFg5ghfSvy1elL5mEszUg9iJm9k6afy8nkDe7AmiAyw2ebOQu3-UmZL1Nb5rZpUYbJ9OA_sJdrD3aqdjAcQTXaUpkieYSqeeSIiW26KyBAbL-M5NzcZqei7XqdzXwMOOzqC3nF1FFUZyzDB0BZq8oTZVl2GcwxjS_vbRuPi0e6CDq5ev1yIIU-SVQkpGuDuBmwImlAhC_fE2N77emP6mGhTyKJ4e7XYd_tY4k7L1qpSmVK5VYaK7ty0ZmZbc4xDLgk2VHIqdLpfmYo51SqF5ZwWQBgaiop94mQr4mZOaKwMFoZogOUMo48fPBRjsHX4R8vyzuHXrVxx6V54FPyKy3ikucxI6_A0vs-jPDsN-nGPh-f2v1s8PtgnKZXd-n6kRjFC5jipLVs67fZ3jmORJFd4pzLa18iqH_Z6gvDPFqnwzRCZnyE4jtMkHF0N6T9rsRR1ykVEn5BijgNGV3KKARvQa8R1HLBArgnHc6MeXmXIBkbn2GL5ws7XteAzzdNNcMElG6zYCxu4Zz3Hu_Au3PNu33X7fu-8xV7ZoO12O47nd3q-73UvPK_bO1u32JtSJOE6Hc_td_we_Xy_TwqF4Ldi0eqv_wAOZFOL)

```mermaid
flowchart TD;

    govukpage[\Get an Income Tax refund a gov.uk page\]
    -- User clicked `/start` link on gov.uk page.
    A new journey is created and user is navigated to the JourneyDoYouWantToSignIn page
    --> JourneyStarted

    JourneyStarted
    -- Answered `Yes`
    on DoYouWantToSignIn page
    --> JourneyDoYouWantToSignInYes

    JourneyStarted
    -- Answered `No`
    on DoYouWantToSignIn page
    --> JourneyDoYouWantToSignInNo

    JourneyDoYouWantToSignInNo
    -- entered semivalid reference
    on WhatIsYourP800Reference page
    --> JourneyWhatIsYourP800Reference

    JourneyWhatIsYourP800Reference
    -- selected `Yes`
    on CheckYourReference page
    --> ValidateReferenceApiCall{
        API Call
        Check Rererence
    }

    ValidateReferenceApiCall
    -- valid
    --> JourneyCheckYourReferenceValid

    JourneyCheckYourReferenceValid
    -- selected `Yes`
    on DoYouWantYourRefundViaBankTransfer page
    --> JourneyDoYouWantYourRefundViaBankTransferYes

    JourneyCheckYourReferenceValid
    -- selected `No`
    on DoYouWantYourRefundViaBankTransfer page
    --> JourneyDoYouWantYourRefundViaBankTransferNo

    JourneyDoYouWantYourRefundViaBankTransferNo
    -- clicked `Continue`
    on YourChequeWillBePostedToYou page
    --> JourneyYourChequeWillBePostedToYou

    JourneyDoYouWantYourRefundViaBankTransferYes
    -- clicked `Continue`
    on WeNeedYouToConfirmYourIdentity page
    --> JourneyWhatIsYourFullName

    JourneyWhatIsYourFullName
    -- tbc ...
    --> TBC...
```

---

### Navigating through quickly with Tampermonkey
A script has been created to be used with [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/) to enable fast navigation through
the service to make testing easier. To make use of it, install the Tampermonkey browser extension on your browser and
then install [this script](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hmrc/p800-refunds-frontend/main/tampermonkey/quickJourney.js). After
installation, a green "Quick submit" button will be visible near the top-left of each page in the service. Clicking this
button will autocomplete the inputs on the page (including the test-only start page) and automatically click the continue
button on that page.

---

### License

This code is open source software licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License]("http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html").
